#### distinct()
Returns a new QuerySet that uses SELECT DISTINCT in its SQL query. This eliminates duplicate rows from the query results.
By default, a QuerySet will not eliminate duplicate rows as in a query rarely there is rarely a scenario where duplicate 
records are returned but if your query spans multiple tables, it’s possible to get duplicate results when a QuerySet is evaluated.
If you are using `distinct()` be careful about ordering by related models. Similarly, when using `distinct()` and `values()` together, 
be careful when ordering by fields not in the values() call.

#### values()
Returns a QuerySet that returns dictionaries, rather than model instances, when used as an iterable, each of those dictionaries 
represents an object, with the keys corresponding to the attribute names of model objects. The `values()` method takes optional 
positional arguments, `*fields`, which specify field names to which the SELECT should be limited.
```shell
# This list contains a Blog object.
>>> Blog.objects.filter(name__startswith='Beatles')
<QuerySet [<Blog: Beatles Blog>]>

# This list contains a dictionary.
>>> Blog.objects.filter(name__startswith='Beatles').values()
<QuerySet [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Beatles Blog', 'tagline': 'All the latest Beatles news.'}]>

>>> Blog.objects.values()
<QuerySet [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Beatles Blog', 'tagline': 'All the latest Beatles news.'}]>
>>> Blog.objects.values('id', 'name')
<QuerySet [{'id': 1, 'name': 'Beatles Blog'}]>

# The values() method also takes optional keyword arguments, **expressions, which are passed through to annotate():
>>> from django.db.models.functions import Lower
>>> Blog.objects.values(lower_name=Lower('name'))
<QuerySet [{'lower_name': 'beatles blog'}]>
```

#### values_list()
This is similar to values() except that instead of returning dictionaries, it returns tuples when iterated over. Each tuple contains 
the value from the respective field or expression passed into the values_list() call
```shell
>>> Entry.objects.values_list('id', 'headline')
<QuerySet [(1, 'First entry'), ...]>
>>> from django.db.models.functions import Lower
>>> Entry.objects.values_list('id', Lower('headline'))
<QuerySet [(1, 'first entry'), ...]>

# f you only pass in a single field, you can also pass in the flat parameter. If True, this will mean the returned results are 
# single values, rather than one-tuples.

>>> Entry.objects.values_list('id').order_by('id')
<QuerySet[(1,), (2,), (3,), ...]>

>>> Entry.objects.values_list('id', flat=True).order_by('id')
<QuerySet [1, 2, 3, ...]>
# You can pass named=True to get results as a namedtuple():

>>> Entry.objects.values_list('id', 'headline', named=True)
<QuerySet [Row(id=1, headline='First entry'), ...]>
```
It is an error to pass in flat when there is more than one field. If you don’t pass any values to `values_list()`, 
it will return all the fields in the model, in the order they were declared.

#### dates() and datetimes()
Returns a QuerySet that evaluates to a list of `datetime.date` or `dateteime.datetime` respectively objects representing all 
available dates of a particular kind within the contents of the QuerySet. kind should be either "year", "month", "week", "day", 
"hour", "minute", or "second". Each datetime.datetime object in the result list is “truncated” to the given type.
```shell
>>> Entry.objects.dates('pub_date', 'week')
[datetime.date(2005, 2, 14), datetime.date(2005, 3, 14)]
>>> Entry.objects.dates('pub_date', 'day')
[datetime.date(2005, 2, 20), datetime.date(2005, 3, 20)]

```
#### none()
Calling none() will create a queryset that never returns any objects and no query will be executed when accessing the results.
A `qs.none()` queryset is an instance of `EmptyQuerySet`. `Entry.objects.none() -> <QuerySet []>`

#### union(), intersection(), difference()
Uses SQL’s UNION operator to combine the results of two or more QuerySets. For example: `qs1.union(qs2, qs3)`
The `UNION` operator selects only distinct values by default. `union()`, `intersection()`, and `difference()` return model instances 
of the type of the first QuerySet even if the arguments are QuerySets of other models.
```shell
>>> qs1 = Author.objects.values_list('name')
>>> qs2 = Entry.objects.values_list('headline')
>>> qs1.union(qs2).order_by('name')
```

#### extra()
Sometimes, the Django query syntax by itself can’t easily express a complex WHERE clause. For these edge cases, 
Django provides the extra() QuerySet modifier — a hook for injecting specific clauses into the SQL generated by a QuerySet.

#### defer()
If you are using the results of a queryset in some situation where you don’t know if you need those particular fields when 
you initially fetch the data, you can tell Django not to retrieve them from the database using `defer`.
A queryset that has deferred fields will still return model instances. Each deferred field will be retrieved from the 
database if you access that field (one at a time, not all the deferred fields at once).
You can defer loading of fields in related models `Blog.objects.select_related().defer("entry__headline", "entry__body")`
`only()` You call it with the fields that should not be deferred when retrieving a model, successive calls to `only()` 
result in only the final fields being considered

#### select_for_update()
Returns a queryset that will lock rows until the end of the transaction,  rows of related objects specified in `select_related()`
are locked in addition to rows of the queryset’s model.
